Carson went out with Jennifer Love
Hewitt and she's here tonight god she's
so beautiful and you know people say
that you're the next Audrey Hepburn does
not scare you knowing you're going to
die of colon cancer
we're jumping the shark right now
Jennifer has been in over 20 movies and
I swear to God I can't name one of them
not even the one I was in of course I'm
just kidding it was Heartbreakers
thank you but a Jennifer is is what we
call in show business a triple threat
not only is she an actress but she's
also a dancer and terrible singer you
know it is so exciting to be here what
famous two of us are here tonight Niki
in Paris Hilton Jimmy Kimmel and Adam
Carolla Britney Spears you know I think
they're famous when I told my friends
that Britney Spears was going to be here
tonight they all said the same thing
Sarah you have got to find out if
they're real so I was backstage and I
saw her and I was really bold and really
forward and I just reached out and
grabbed them and I am happy to report
that it's true Britney Spears labias are
totally real
but I have to say no I I totally agree
with Brittany when she said that she
wants to wait until marriage to do it on
it obviously meaning anal Anam because
that's something you share with someone
you love you know
Tom Green was supposed to be here um I
think he must be washing his hair or
something but he's got a new show here
on MTV and I haven't seen it yet but I
know it must be great because everything
he touches turns to testicular cancer no
I think gesticulation
you know seriously can you imagine
having cancer just millimeters away from
your penis and that's like if your
scrotum was a mousetrap in your penis
loves cheese you know what America
loving penis doesn't love cheese Jimmy
Kimmel is here my boyfriend my heart my
love I swear to God you know uh when we
started going out I did not even know
that he had a late-night top show I
thought it was an infomercial for boring
by the way thanks for the herpes
I love you you get it Adam Carolla is
here and he is a Adam is very successful
he makes a lot of money he's paid by the
tooth actually um Jimmy an Adam our best
friends and a lot of people make fun of
that and and a lot of people make gay
jokes about it and I think that's
obnoxious and I think it's sexist I
think it's beautiful when two guys can
be so close and share so much laughter
and be able to confide in each other and
put each other in each other's mouths
and I think all that gay it's like what
year is this you know but um actually
one time walked into Jimmy's office
I walked into Jimmy's office and Adam
was on his knees with Jimmy's in his
mouth and I said oh my god
you're gay you know I can't believe you
guys are gay and then they explained to
me that Adam wasn't his he was cleaning
it ha ha ha so he was like